So I mentioned, I like to give my
team a growth reflection exercise.
It's not fun, or in my opinion,
it's not fun because I don't like
talking about myself, but
I like to give this exercise.
It's a couple of questions,
really to reflect on growth and
to better understand what
growth means to them.
Like I said,
I give them this exercise ahead of time.
I bring it up in a one-on-one that's like,
let's circle back in a future one-on-one.
I've often said like I'm not
putting time on the calendar,
we have to have it done by this time,
but let's circle back,
give them time to think about it and they
usually will just bring it back to me.
And it helps, I read through it, they read
through it, we talk about it, and then we
have a really good engaging conversation
on what growth looks like for them.
So I do have an exercise that you
all can take some time to fill out.
I will show you kind of
some of the questions,
it does follow a framework called GROW.
I think it's actually does a pretty
good job at getting across some of
the things that the acronym GROW, is like
your goal, reality so where you are today.
Options of how you could
possibly get there, and
then the will being like,
what will you do next?
And so some of these things can
really help the conversation and
also help you as a manager know
where you might be able to help out.
Or maybe where you can't, or
maybe where you can make suggestions, or
find material, courses,
things like that to help someone.
We'll take a break and
take some time to do the exercise.
Well, now hopefully you've all had some
time to reflect on your own growth and
be able to fill out that form.
And then be able to leverage
that with your manager and say,
here's some things that I wanna grow in
and have a really engaging conversation.
So let's recap,
we covered why partnerships are important,
how to build strong partnerships.
What are high-performing teams,
how do you measure them, how do
you help build the high-performing teams,
and then having growth conversations.
Now, this is, yep.
>> What are some good growth questions to
ask in these one-on-ones or on the forum.
>> Yeah that's a good question I
like to think about it as like,
I'm not a fan of the even though yu have
to think a little bit far ahead, right,
like what's your ten year plan?
I have no idea,
I barely know what my one month plan is.
But you wanna try and think about
outward of where do you wanna be?
And so I think engaging questions like
that of thinking about where you wanna get
to And then, that kind of starts to help
to think about some of the things in
order to get you there.
I think about, too, is like it might be
if you are the person who wants to get to
the next level in said company, it might
be asking your manager for that, and
understanding those expectations.
What are things that I
need to do to get there?
Because oftentimes, there's probably
some expectations there and
you wanna make sure that you
are clearly aligned and know that.
So it's those types of conversations.
And to me, also asking yourself,
what does growth mean to you?
It may not be ladder climbing, it might
be that you just want new challenges or
to learn a new technology,
that's awesome and that is growth.
So I think it's really just
about reflecting on that.